Allow leading spaces when stripping `$` from terminal clipboard content (#8290)
flutter/website: src/get-started/install/_get-sdk-linux.md

```

{{site.alert.note}}

>   Once the snap is installed, you can
>   use the following command to display your Flutter SDK path:

Reviewer: **chore:** Change to Active Voice.
```suggestion
  Once you install the snap,
  use the following command to display your Flutter SDK path:
```
